Add didManuallyDisableResizingContent property (#180)
sketch-hq/sketch-document: .changeset/early-forks-change.md

---

> '@sketch-hq/sketch-file-format': minor

Reviewer: Something that's not quite obvious, but because the TypeScript types are a developer dependency instead of a direct dependency of the final build product (the TypeScript types package) we [must include the package specifically](https://github.com/sketch-hq/sketch-document#release). 

Only then will changesets also release an updated TypeScript types packages generated from the updated schema package. 

```suggestion
'@sketch-hq/sketch-file-format': minor
'@sketch-hq/sketch-file-format-ts': minor
```

---

> Added didManuallyDisableResizingContent property to stop artboards from
> automatically enabling resizesContent.

Reviewer: From a file format consumer angle it might be better to rephrase it a little explaining the relationship with `resizesContent`, not the behaviour. The file doesn't have a behaviour as such. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
Added `didManuallyDisableResizingContent` which, if set to `true`, overrides and disables `resizesContent`.
```

Author: That's not quite what it does though - it doesn't override and disable `resizesContent`. It does stop `resizesContent` from being set to `true` as a side effect of enabling a constraint on a child layer in the inspector.

Author: ```suggestion
Added `didManuallyDisableResizingContent` property to stop `resizesContent` from being enabled automatically when setting a constraint on a child layer.
```

Author: How about this?
